
Graphical Elememts:
---------------------

Dropdown menus to selects commands.

Window area to manipulate images.

Bottom status bar to have information about the size of the image and instructons to use the tools.

Top panel to access the controls to change the magnification of the image.

Side panel reporting color values (RGB and HSV) and coordinates of the cursor.

Menus:
-------

Next to some commands there are combination of keys, those are shortcuts.

File - Commands to save and restore projects.
	New Project... - Create a new project.
	Load Project... - Load a project from disk.
	Save Project - Save the current project.
	Save Project As... - Save the current project with a different name.

Edit - Commands to edit the image.
	Undo - Undo previous action.
	Redo - Redo previous action.
	Zoom in - Increase the zoom level.
	Zoom out - Decrease the zoom level.

Image - Commands related to images.
	Export Image... - Save the current image to disk.
	Crop - Crop the current image.
	Pick Color - Pick a color to add a region to the mask.
	Unpick Color - Unpick a color to remove a region from the mask.
	Pick Color Dialogue... - Dialogue to set the parameters for the Pick Color tool.

Mask - Commands to select what to mark on the Mask
	Background - Set to select the background region.
	Matrix - Set to select the matrix region.
	Inclusion - Set to select the inclusion region.

Concepts:
----------

Project: A project is a datastructure containing all data regarding the segmentaion process. A project can be saved and loaded to disk at any time.

Workflow to Label inclusions:
------------------------------

Load image: Load the image of the thin section to process.

Crop image: If the image contains unwanted areas, crop it to the part to process.

Mask the background: Using the mask, select the ara in the image containing the background.

Tools:
-------

Crop: Crop an image removing unwanted areas. To crop an image choose from the menu Image > Crop, then with the mouse select a rectangular portion of the image to keep. If you want to abort the application of the crop tool, just press Esc. 

Pick Color: Click on the image to add to the mask all pixels of that color and of similar color.

Unpick Color: Click on the image to remove from the mask all pixels of that color and of similar color.

Keyboard Shortcutes:
----------------------

Ctrl+N New project and open an image.
Ctrl+S Save project.
Ctrl+O Load project.
Ctrl+Q Terminate the app.
+, - Zoom level.
Arrow keys Pan the image.
Ctrl+Z Undo.
Ctrl+Y Redo.
Esc Deselect current tool.
Right Mouse Buttom Deselect current tool.
1, 2, 3 Switch from image, to mask and to blend of image and mask.
